Display custom backup error (#446)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/find-help/faq.md

Clever Cloud store all your backups on [Cellar](https://www.clever-cloud.com/product/cellar-object-storage/). 
Cellar has a replication system to protect the data stored inside. It creates three copies of your backups, each stored in a different datacenters in the PAR region.  
This way, even if one datacenter has an accident, your backup are still safe in two different datacenters.

> If you have a custom backup configuration with multiple retention policies and periods, the Clever Cloud console will not display all the available backups for restoration. 

Reviewer: This is not related to back-ups. This is more generic any custom change (conf, replica, back-ups, extensions) would be plot in the Clever Cloud console.

Not sure we should add a dedicated line for the back-ups only but something more generic maybe?

Reviewer 2: @aurrelhebert Yes. Could you suggest a change please ? Keep in mind that we are in the back-ups section of the FAQ here. It it needs to be generic beyond back-ups, maybe a new issue should be made to address custom changes in general.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Aurélien. This disclaimer is only valid for highly customized backups policies which doesn't concern 99% of our customers. It feels more like some information we should give to the customer alongside the setup ticket.

> If you have a custom backup configuration with multiple retention policies and periods, the Clever Cloud console will not display all the available backups for restoration. 
> However, you can restore a specific backup using the CLI. This allows for greater flexibility in managing and restoring backups outside the standard console interface.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you have a custom backup configuration with multiple retention policies and periods, the Clever Cloud Console will not display all the available backups for restoration. 
However, you can restore a specific backup using [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools). This allows for greater flexibility in managing and restoring backups outside the standard Console interface.
```

## Where are the backups stored?

Clever Cloud stores all backups on [Cellar](https://www.clever-cloud.com/product/cellar-object-storage/), a replicated object storage service with three copies distributed across datacenters in the PAR region to ensure durability. Even if one datacenter fails, your backups remain safe.

> For custom configurations (e.g., multiple retention policies), contact Support. To locate backups not visible in the Console, use [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools) with: `clever database backups DATABASE-ID [--format, -F] FORMAT`.  Find more documentation on restoring backups with the CLI [here](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/blob/master/docs/addons-backups.md#database-backups).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For custom configurations (for example, multiple retention policies), contact Support. To locate backups not visible in the Console, use [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools) with: `clever database backups DATABASE-ID [--format, -F] FORMAT`.  Find more documentation on restoring backups with the CLI [here](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/blob/master/docs/addons-backups.md#database-backups).
```

## Where are the backups stored?

> Clever Cloud store all your backups on [Cellar](https://www.clever-cloud.com/product/cellar-object-storage/). 

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should explain here Cellar is an replicated object storage service, and then detail it's replication mechanism. Beware of new lines/paragraphs if not needed: maybe we should regroup sentences here.

Author: @davlgd I propose 2 more concise paragraphs.
What do you think?
What do you mean by "detail it's replication mechanism."?

Cellar has a replication system to protect the data stored inside. It creates three copies of your backups, each stored in a different datacenters in the PAR region.  
This way, even if one datacenter has an accident, your backup are still safe in two different datacenters.

> If you have a custom backup configuration with multiple retention policies and periods, the Clever Cloud Console won't display all the available backups for restoration. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can request custom backups configurations, with multiple retention policies and periods, by contacting the Support.The Clever Cloud Console won't display all the available backups for restoration, but you can find specific backups using [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools). 
```

Reviewer 5: outdated, bye

> However, you can restore a specific backup using [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools). This allows for greater flexibility in managing and restoring backups outside the standard Console interface.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This allows for greater flexibility in managing and restoring backups outside the standard Console interface.
```

Author: @aurrelhebert @draescherl 
What do you think about this suggestion?

Reviewer 5: outdated, so resolved
